Add paragraph about university classes to mentored projects (#7838)
networkx/networkx: doc/developer/projects.rst

NumFOCUS Small Development Grants and university course/project credits (if
your university allows contribution to open source for credit).

If you are a professor interested in having your class develop tools

> and contribute the results to NetworkX, we welcome your submissions!
> We recommend that you consider the rewriting/improvement of existing
> functions as a potential source of projects. Working off of and
> improving existing tools involves reading, evaluating and writing code,
> rather than just writing new code. Also, we suggest that you create a way
> for them to work on the projects and make PRs & reviews to a fork of
> the repo where you can mentor them. Perhaps make a fork for your class
> and have them fork, make PRs and review each other on that fork.
> Once it is merged to the fork, their branch can also be made into a
> PR to NetworkX. That way the PR discussions stay managable/readable as
> the in-class discussion are separate from the move-to-networkx discussion.
> Feel free to reach out to us as you plan this kind of activity.

Reviewer: feel free to improve upon this suggestion. Thanks!

```suggestion
and contribute the results to NetworkX, we welcome your PR submissions!
We recommend that you encourage your students to explore our codebase
and focus on evaluating, optimising, and improving upon the existing algorithms
rather than solely adding new ones. To streamline the review process, consider
mentoring them, and/or encouraging them to review each other's PRs. You can
also consider having your students submit their PRs to your personal fork, and
once their PR is approved by you, open a PR to the main NetworkX repository from
the same branch. This will help to keep in-class discussions separate from the broader
NetworkX review process, making both more manageable and readable. Feel free to
reach out to us as you plan these kind of activities by opening a `discussion <https://github.com/networkx/networkx/discussions/new/choose>_`
on our GiHub-- we'd love to support!
```

Author: Thanks Aditi, I reworded to include your suggestions. I like "encourage" instead of "recommend". I added back in the description of why it is good for students to review each other. I didn't quite feel comfortable with the link to a discussion because that's a public forum which might not be appropriate for discussing prep for teaching a course. The faculty should be able to figure out how to approach us (either via github or via email) by looking at the github pages. So I left it up to them. See what you think. Thanks
